you start out your videos a certain way
what do i yeah of course not
two words okay let's do it what - hey
guys
basically diet today I am doing
something insanely exciting
[Music]
my name is Austin Evans and I do stuff
like this all day which I'm so excited
so majority of you guys I am so I have
been a Mac user for my entire life I'm
22 years old I've always been on a Mac
so before you'll start booing okay okay
use a Mac I'm like maybe it's time sure
so you're the guy hey it's never too
late to get on okay so these are parts
to build yourself someone called a
gaming PC in your case it's a little bit
more like an editing PC but honestly
there's not a huge difference so
typically speaking you want a beefy CPU
you want plenty of memory you want a
good graphics card like all this stuff
kind of works for everything there are a
couple specific things for editing like
we have a lot of RAM here we have a big
SSD is a couple things that might not be
necessary for gaming but generally
speaking this is a powerful point $500
super cool editing gaming just a thing
even though it looks like a lot is
actually not that complicated of a build
we have no water cooling we only have
like one hard drive one SSD like
everything is fairly straightforward if
it's your first time you'll obviously
want to give yourself a little extra
time but I think the two of us can knock
this out in less than two hours this is
sort of the heart of build so this is
the processor this is an AMD rise in
seven 1,700 eggs
you've got the whole like Vanna White
action going on so that is an 8 core
processor that's really good especially
for editing if you have a ton of course
when you're doing 4k video editing
you've got a lot of sort of CPU power
for it alongside that you also have a
lot of memory so you get 32 gigs here
which I was so disappointed that the 32
gigabyte upgrade wasn't a thing on my
Mac yes yes 16 gigs I was like I'm gonna
max this sucker out there you go it's
gonna be amazing and I was like where's
my 32 32 well especially will like
premiere and after-effects can
absolutely eat up this memory and the
cool thing is the way this motherboard
said you guys should go up to 64 if you
want so also for editing you have a
super fast samsung 960 pro SSD which is
one terabyte that is super fast so
there's one of the things that the Mac
books do really well is have super
ssds this is very similar to what you
would get on a Macbook super super quick
throw writing system awesome now on top
of that because I'm assuming that you're
gonna have more than a terabyte of space
that you need we're also a four terabyte
black hard drive this is a WD black it's
more for like throwing like raw footage
and stuff on other big thing is your
graphics card so this is a gtx 1080
this is essentially our giant cooler to
keep your processor cool this I will
admit slightly overkill for what you're
going to be doing but it looks cool and
it'll definitely eat the job done oh
there's the power supply this guy it's
700 G watts which is more than that for
all this stuff think you would like the
AC adapter on your macbook just built
into the system you also have a Wi-Fi
card and this is Windows 10 which is not
a DVD which we do not have an optical
drive so we actually have through a very
bizarre coincidence a Apple SuperDrive
what's the CD drive this thing called it
was replaced the floppy disk it's pretty
cool moral support is real well so you
guys got black on the back you've got
sort of purple and white accents
everywhere there we go actually pretty
much so somehow I yeah so what's gonna
happen is this power supply is gonna go
inside
so I'll just line up how roughly I
learned from your videos hey there you
go oh so you did watch the tutorial so
we'll come back by and tighten
everything up the only thing you need to
know about this is if you actually look
on the bottom of the case you'll see
there's a sort of like mesh filter so
especially if this is on the carpet or
something that's gonna get dusty so it's
just a good idea to just blow it out or
just kind of wash it off every once in a
while so this is the motherboard
essentially everything that we do inside
the system is going to be hooked up here
CPU graphics cards all the wiring pretty
much really
I don't care about this this is the
processor so you do any a little bit
careful with this this is one of the
most expensive parts of the build but
it's also not super fragile it's a lot
of money for an empty box that yeah it's
actually a Brenda side yeah so there you
go that's the processor not this giant
box which they put in here yes that is
it is sort of dangerous but you're fine
right so just when you put it in just
drop it straight put no pressure sort of
let it rest so there you go that's it
now push the arm down done that's so bad
right easy so one of the things is with
this cooler is that you might be able to
tell from the size of this box it's a
little bit big so inside this bag is
going to be a thing called thermal paste
so essentially what we're going to do
here this is like basically grease so
this is going to go in between our CPU
and our cooler this is a you thing I
think it's it's like go for the size of
a grain of rice I seriously like just a
little spray right in the center yeah
aim for like the scenes okay that she's
not that bad so I'm gonna hold it if you
can screw it now it's gonna get all this
stuff plugged in this is looking pretty
intimidating I will admit this is uh
this is a lot now comes the fun part of
seeing we can fit the memory in yes all
right so this is actually looking pretty
good but we still need to put our m2 SSD
in which is where this comes in either
there you go I need to let it on that's
fine I think watch is reminding me to
stand Oh does that to me all the time
like I'll stand here for like an hour
and a half shooting a video and there's
like hey you should stand up we have our
motherboard we have our CPU cooler
memory and SSD all installed okay
that was so easy
[Music]
so the thing is with like something like
a MacBook or an iMac what they're doing
is they're completely designing every
part of the chassis to work for the
airflow right so they can get you know
the vents the exact right size the fans
that heat sinks all this kind of stuff
to be completely precise with this we
almost a little bit more of a
brute-force approach where that look we
have this space we have the the cooling
so why not get something bigger I will
freely admit I may have gone slightly
over the top I didn't quite realize how
big this was in person but what we're
getting here is something that while it
looks massive and enormous and it is
overkill will allow the CPU to run super
cool and you can really crank it up with
overclocking it's not I'm gonna like
blink obviously the hard drives gonna be
a lot slower but you're getting a four
terabyte hard drive for a couple hundred
bucks whereas a one terabyte hard drive
or SSD is like 800 so especially you're
getting a lot more for your money here
just like another option for you to have
a little bit more storage it's gonna be
a reasonably fast hard drive feel like
that is the GTX 1080 so this is a triple
fan version which is pretty beefy and
cool-looking but there's all sort of
different types so that guy is going to
need a single eight pen so actually
makes our lives a little bit easier
yes so on this supply you can see that
essentially if you needed to you could
plug stuff into all of these different
ports exactly so for example with this
we only need to plug into one of the VGA
ports because we only need a single
eight then we're gonna need one SATA so
this is going to be for our hard drive
we need one of these which is going to
go to our graphics card so this is the
eight pen I was talking about tightly
it's at six plus two but it's Navin we
have our CPU power connector so we just
plug that in there let's then go towards
CPU and then let's just put this power
supply right back in so just run them
all out to the side we'll give them a
little bit more sorted in a minute
I like to have neater cables when I can
so I should try to like run cables the
correct way the first time generally
what you'll do is you'll plug everything
in and you'll see well I cook up the
monitor turn on see if extra turns on
and it posts if it does we turn it off
then we unplug stuff and sort of like
sort of redo the cable management with
this I'm actually got to see if we can
sort of skip that step and just do the
cable management right the first time
yep CPU power connected well you know
our hard drive what so these are all the
cables that should come with the case so
this is for our USB 3 ports which are
kind of tangled right now we also have
audio we have all our little fiddly
little connectors so we have the LEDs
and stuff this all needs to be plugged
into the motherboard the moment of truth
yes we did or a 6 pin that was a defense
it wasn't a pen
it wasn't a pen and so we have it's very
pretty it was pretty good yeah the one
thing that I was surprised by is it's
not as intimidating as I thought it
would be but whenever I hear build a PC
or something here you go and I just saw
the components laying on the beginning
it was it okay this actually isn't too
bad
yeah what are usually the resources that
are out there that are there like
legitimate step-by-step instructions up
yes okay so there are lots of different
PC build guides on YouTube I've done a
couple lots of websites will kind of
bring you through like step by step
generally speaking though it's not that
hard I feel like everyone kind of gets
sort of intimidated by it
and this is actually a more complicated
system than most I mean this is a
definitely like a big overkill system
you got like a GTX 1080 this giant
cooler I mean there's a lot to this but
typically speaking it's actually gonna
be a lot simpler especially when you're
like building like a $500 this is a
$2,700 build but what are some of the
bills that you
I do a lot of the more budget stuff
because I feel like most the time when
people are building something that's
super expensive they've already done a
couple species and they kind of know
what they're looking for what does it
feel like when I do a lot of systems
it's like hey here's something for 400
or 500 or 700 just kind of get you
started
can we hit the power button I really
want to see you gonna do it here it is
right on top yes all right fans are
ready it will take a second to post but
we should get something up on the
monitor in like 30 seconds or so hey
there we go
and this looks good so it sees our
memory it sees our CPU fan the other
fans are connected to it a different way
so it's a problem sees all 32 gigs of
memory
Rison seven I think we're up and running
so exciting usually with PC bills
there's some like troubleshooting yeah
so I think the only problem we ran into
was the four terabyte hard drives not
popping up but I'll figure that out I
don't think it's a big deal and so we
need to besides that I will run through
and should kind of do like some little
tweaking and stuff while overclock it'll
get the memory all up to full speed and
everything but it's pretty much good to
go I am so freakin first PC like it's
crazy that this is my first PC ever I
mean that's a good point the good point
thank you so much of course Channel
in order to make this a functional setup
I need a mouse a keyboard and also a
monitor throughout the past couple weeks
and the videos I've been making about
the new iPhones and I've been paying
attention to what Samsung has been
releasing I have noticed that this
internet place it is a diverse place
where people love their Apple stuff and
then people love their PCs and their
android-based phones and so I'm
understanding that there are many worlds
out there to be explored as a person who
enjoys technology and things of such so
let me know your suggestions in the
comments down below on what monitor I
should get what maybe fancy mouse I
should get cuz I know there is a lot out
there and a lot of different machines
and things for different purposes and
I'm noticing that more so hopefully I
can start bringing you guys's videos
about different tech not just the brand
new $3,000 MacBook that might not be the
most practical thing for everyone who is
a creative type so I'm stoked for some
videos coming up and thank you guys so
much for tuning in you can check out all
the parts we use in the description
below and let's subscribe button around
here
jpg okay fat and then I usually I
usually like cover up the lens good luck
Chuck wait wait no I'll do it no you do
it I'll just run around I run around I
got you
[Music]
you